Add Backwards Compatibility info to v5 Migration Doc (#8835)
remix-run/react-router: docs/upgrading/v5.md

## Backwards Compatibility Package

> Instead of upgrading and updating all of your code at once (which is incredibly difficult and prone to bugs), the backwards compatibility package enables you to upgrade one component, one hook, and one route at a time by running both v5 and v6 in parallel. Any code you haven't touched is still running the very same code it was before. Once all components are exclusively using the v6 APIs, your app no longer needs the compatibility package and is running on v6. The official guide can be found [in this discussion](../../packages/react-router-dom-v5-compat/README.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead of upgrading and updating all of your code at once (which is incredibly difficult and prone to bugs), the backwards compatibility package enables you to upgrade one component, one hook, and one route at a time by running both v5 and v6 in parallel. Any code you haven't touched is still running the very same code it was before. Once all components are exclusively using the v6 APIs, your app no longer needs the compatibility package and is running on v6. The official guide can be found [here](../../packages/react-router-dom-v5-compat/README.md).
```

Just a small tweak because this isn't a discussion.
